# to-be-determind

## From line 5 to line 34 are different variations of JSON APIs for our coctail menu

    Search cocktail by name
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/search.php?s=margarita

    List all cocktails by first letter
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/search.php?f=a

    Search ingredient by name
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/search.php?i=vodka

    Lookup full cocktail details by id
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/lookup.php?i=11007

    Lookup ingredient by ID
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/lookup.php?iid=552

    Lookup a random cocktail
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/random.php


    Search by ingredient
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/filter.php?i=Gin
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/filter.php?i=Vodka

    Filter by alcoholic
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/filter.php?a=Alcoholic
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/filter.php?a=Non_Alcoholic

    Filter by Category
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/filter.php?c=Ordinary_Drink
www.thecocktaildb.com/api/json/v1/1/filter.php?c=Cocktail

   Images

    Drink thumbnails
Add /preview to the end of the cocktail image URL
/images/media/drink/vrwquq1478252802.jpg/preview (100x100 pixels)

    Ingredient Thumbnails

www.thecocktaildb.com/images/ingredients/gin-Small.png
(100x100 pixels)
www.thecocktaildb.com/images/ingredients/gin-Medium.png
(350x350 pixels)
www.thecocktaildb.com/images/ingredients/gin.png
(700x700 pixels)


## --------------------------------------------------------------

## From line 39 to line 63 are different variations of JSON APIs for our coctail menu

    Search meal by name
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/search.php?s=Arrabiata

    List all meals by first letter
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/search.php?f=a

    Lookup full meal details by id
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/lookup.php?i=52772

    Lookup a single random meal
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/random.php

    List all meal categories
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/categories.php

    List all Categories, Area, Ingredients
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/list.php?c=list
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/list.php?a=list
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/list.php?i=list

    Filter by main ingredient
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/filter.php?i=chicken_breast

    Filter by Category
www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/filter.php?c=Seafood


 ## Images

    Meal Thumbnail Images
Add /preview to the end of the meal image URL
/images/media/meals/llcbn01574260722.jpg/preview

    Ingredient Thumbnail Images
www.themealdb.com/images/ingredients/Lime.png
www.themealdb.com/images/ingredients/Lime-Small.png